README.adoc, before:

= asciidoctor-firefox-addon, Asciidoctor Firefox Addon
Guillaume Grossetie
:sources: https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-firefox-addon
:license: https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-firefox-addon/blob/master/LICENSE
:ff-addon-sdk-install: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/docs/sdk/latest/dev-guide/tutorials/installation.html
:ff-addon-site: https://addons.mozilla.org/

This project uses https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor.js[Asciidoctor.js] to render AsciiDoc as HTML inside Firefox!

== Usage

 1. Install extension from {ff-addon-site}[Firefox Add-ons site]
 1. Open local or remote .ad, .adoc, .asc, .asciidoc file in Firefox
 1. Enjoy!

== Installation

To manually build the extension bundle (`.xpi`) from the source you need to install the {ff-addon-sdk-install}[Firefox Add-on SDK].
Then execute the command `cfx xpi` from the add-on's directory:

    cfx xpi

This command will produce a file named `asciidoctorjslivepreview.xpi`. You can simply drag and drop it on Firefox to install the Add-on.

== Copyright

Copyright (C) 2013 Guillaume Grossetie.
Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the MIT License.

See the {license}[LICENSE] file for details.

Commit message:

Add instruction on how to install the latest release

README.adoc, after:

= asciidoctor-firefox-addon, Asciidoctor Firefox Addon
Guillaume Grossetie
:sources: https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-firefox-addon
:license: https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-firefox-addon/blob/master/LICENSE
:ff-addon-sdk-install: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/docs/sdk/latest/dev-guide/tutorials/installation.html
:ff-addon-site: https://addons.mozilla.org/
:latest-release: https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-firefox-addon/releases/download/v0.2.0/asciidoctorjslivepreview.xpi

This project uses https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor.js[Asciidoctor.js] to render AsciiDoc as HTML inside Firefox!

== Usage

 1. Install extension from {ff-addon-site}[Firefox Add-ons site] or download the {latest-release}[latest release] and drag and drop the `xpi` file on Firefox
 1. Open local or remote .ad, .adoc, .asc, .asciidoc file in Firefox
 1. Enjoy!

== Installation

To manually build the extension bundle (`.xpi`) from the source you need to install the {ff-addon-sdk-install}[Firefox Add-on SDK].
Then execute the command `cfx xpi` from the add-on's directory:

    cfx xpi

This command will produce a file named `asciidoctorjslivepreview.xpi`. You can simply drag and drop it on Firefox to install the Add-on.

== Copyright

Copyright (C) 2013 Guillaume Grossetie.
Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the MIT License.

See the {license}[LICENSE] file for details.
